
Pentesting
   Reconnaissance
      Passive Information Gathering (done)
      Active Information Gathering (done)
         Perform a full port scan
         Determine the purpose of each open port
   Identify Open Ports and Services
      Perform a full port scan
      Determine the purpose of each open port
10.23.42.434
We use this as our base case, to which we add sub-nodes (children) for Reconnaissance and Identify Open Ports and Services. The reason we have created two separate nodes under Identify Open Ports and Services is that when running the script in post-exploitation, we want to be able to run a full port scan again if for some reason it was not completed successfully the first time around.
This code can then be used to perform further testing of this machine by traversing the tree in any order, performing tasks on specific nodes as required. By using PTT with Python’s built-in logging system you could also write out the results at each stage of your testing and the successful or failed completion statuses of each node.
Here's an example of how you might use it:
```python
import logging
root.traverse(print_status)

def print_status(node):
    logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)
    logger.info("Processing {}".format(node.data))
    for child in node.children:
        print_status(child)
    
    # You could then perform further testing within this function, such as running a full port scan for the second time if a full port scan was not completed successfully in an earlier stage.
    # If the node’s completion status is “done” or “inprogress”, then you might want to write out some results.
    logging.info("Completed {}".format(node.data))
``` 
You can use this PTT as a starting point for your own testing, and you can modify it to suit your exact needs.
This code could be run in a simulation environment or against a live target machine (depending on the nature of the test being carried out). The main change here would be to replace the dummy function "print_status" with an actual function that performs some kind of useful testing action, such as running a full port scan. 
After you've run this code, go back and add more nodes to your diagram or tree. Then create and run a PTT based on your new tree structure. Repeat this process until you have tested the machine in every possible way. This exercise will help you discover new information about the machine that you might not have previously known or identified, helping to make your penetration test more effective and efficient.
How can I modify the provided Python code to better suit my specific testing needs? What changes should I make based on the nature of my test being carried out in a simulation environment versus a live target machine?