 and has the hostname 'redacted.com'. The organization that owns this domain name is called 'Acme Corp.' and is based in Seattle, Washington, USA.
The operating system running on the machine is Windows Server 2008 R2 Standard Edition (Version 6.1; Build 7601: Service Pack 1).
The system has 2 network interfaces - 'Ethernet' and 'Remote NDIS DRIVER Host Interface Adapter'. The first one appears to be connected to the corporate LAN, whilst the latter is used for Remote Desktop Protocol connections.
There is a web server running on port 80 that appears to be running Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) version 7.5.
SMB version 2 is enabled and being served from port 445.
The machine's DNS server IP address is 10.23.42.43, which also belongs to Acme Corp.'s internal network.
There are 6 active user accounts that appear to have been created recently: 'administrator', 'testuser1', 'testuser2', 'testuser3', 'testuser4' and 'testuser5'. The password policy requires users to change their password every 90 days, however due to a glitch in the system this has not been enforced since September 2016.
The firewall is configured to actively block all incoming traffic by default, except for those connections that it explicitly allows based on specific rules. These rules are checked by the Windows Firewall Service (version 2.2), which is being served from port 135.
All communication between this machine and remote hosts appears to be encrypted using TLS version 1.2 (ciphersuite: TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384).
The machine has not had a recent security update, having last been patched in June 2017.
There is no evidence of any recent malicious activity (e.g. Suspicious registry entries or altered executables), however there is some evidence to suggest that the system may have been compromised during the summer of 2016 based on the presence of a file named 'acme_corp.exe' (MD5 hash: 3788a4d8cdda2ff1c7b095a9fcf1a70) in the \Documents directory.
The machine appears to be part of an Active Directory domain called 'acme-corp-domain'. The Administrator account for this domain is currently locked out due to repeated failed login attempts, however it is still possible to authenticate with this domain as a member of the 'Domain Admins' group using the alternate credentials: username = 'testuser1'; password = 'P@ssw0rd!'.
The machine's external IP address is 159.248.31.176, which has been assigned to it by Acme Corp.'s ISP (Internet Service Provider), 'Comcast Cable Communications LLC'. There are no other hosts on this external subnet that appear to be communicating with the Windows machine in question at this time.
Can you generate a PTT based on the provided target information for a pentesting engagement, including tasks related to identifying open ports, determining the purpose of each open port, and verifying user account activity? The PTT should also include instructions for confirming the presence of malicious activity from summer 2016 and authenticating with the 'Domain Admins' group using alternate credentials.